Feature/forms (#249)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/forms/php/filters/general/set-locale.md

title: Set locale
---

> This filter can be used to change the value of current locale. By default, WordPress sets the locale in the admin to `en_US`. With this filter it can be changed to any locale (e.g. when using a multi-language plugin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This filter can be used to change the value of current locale. By default, WordPress sets the locale in the admin to `en_US`. With this filter it can be changed to any locale (e.g. when using a multilingual plugin).
```

> This filter can be used to change the value of current locale. By default WordPress sets the locale in the admin to `en_US` and with this filter it can be changed to whichever locale is needed (e.g. when using multilanguage plugin).
> 
> ```php
> add_filter('es_forms_general_set_locale', function(string $locale): string {
> 	// Get the custom locale (e.g. from WPML plugin).
> 	return $locale;
> })

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This filter can be used to change the value of current locale. By default, WordPress sets the locale in the admin to `en_US`. With this filter it can be changed to any locale (e.g. when using a multi-language plugin).

```php
add_filter('es_forms_general_set_locale', function(string $locale): string {
	// Get the custom locale (e.g. from the WPML plugin).
	return $locale;
})
```
